hello internet friends I'm here today
with Paige and pizza rolls because we
wanted an excuse to eat on camera again
the oven is currently preheating and I
don't know how many we're going to eat
but probably too many I want to show you
how page setup her tray up pizza rolls
and how I set up my she just dumped a
bag on here my I like called me in a row
because I'm annoying alright so we have
made Haiti pizza rolls as you can see
right here we are going to try to eat
Haiti pizza rolls nine minutes I don't
know why he pick knife but we did and
this video is not sponsored by pizza
rolls oh my god the bottom is clear
bye bye juice box is clear bottom we
have nine minutes let's see this who
couldn't have waited until they cool off
at all I did eight minutes thirty
seconds
I'm like crying and sweating I'm like
reading
it's like okay one down why are you
laughing like hey before you buy good
that was so romantic so you put it in
your mouth I have to put off my finger I
administered like three I feel like a
fire-breathing dragon
okay tonight I put one in my mouth I'm
just like yeah I feel like that
commercial where the moms like where the
kids come home and the moms like I made
pizza rolls and the kids are like hell
yeah don't bring them salad but there's
one oh there is a little section right
here that's a lie we are making progress
on pizza roll Mountain I feel like I'm
in
what I do that I feel like I'm riding a
bike like I'm cycling really Kasich like
your legs are just going so your bike is
gonna think I just spit on my leg dude
see that I spit that out put my leg well
you're over there doing whatever two
minutes six second I'm glad I didn't
make 160 spicy so here's that friend
that makes you get cheese pizzas and we
lost
let's do nine more minutes can't eat
anymore we have to eat them all don't be
wasteful mm-hmm
why does your towel so gross I'm a boy
that's why boys are Cabela's ladies
gonna get a hell yeah
ladies no ladies yeah oh yeah oh yeah
thanks fellas let's beat each other wait
at the same time God let's be classy
ready let's be cute
apparently today okay disgusting you I
just as bad
dammit that means dammit let's go take
these toy to toy like I want some beats
or else hurry we only have four more
minutes hurry why do you do that I don't
know because I can can I be the Greek
god of meat sauce I think you do
and then what my talented you are
disgusting
Oh Judah Thanks
friends help each other put it in 10
seconds let's see how well we did new
good 18 minutes for the challenge I
decided because like sometimes they're
hot so like you have to pick it up
before you put it on and put you 1444
we ate 36 pizza rolls
I'm literally never eating them again
out of just like chicken nuggets
actually 35 because my boy all you have
to do is go down below and hit subscribe
the internet friends with us and I'm the
leftovers you could have pizza rolls
perfect I put out a new video every
Friday so make sure you subscribe and
you'll see more of this ok bye say bye
huge
hey buddy bye it still hurts to swallow
and to eat which are two of my biggest
fears in life